the story of Louie Zamperini recounted
in the book unbroken in the movie of the
same name which opens this week is one
of perseverance faith and survival
against seemingly insurmountable odds
during World War two and while Zamperini
z' story is an incredible one this is
not the only from that era there are
many others who suffered who are
captured and who survived honoring those
veterans is not something which should
have a specific time frame or window but
often it seems that is the case with the
movie premiering on Christmas Day the
commemorative Air Force a volunteer
organization focused on preserving
military aviation history brought out
its b-24 Liberator the same type of
plane Zamperini was in when he was shot
down to give a glimpse into what that
part of history is like Stephen brown
the president and CEO of the
commemorative Air Force explains the
mission of the group and what its
focuses Carnegie myocin is a world war
two veteran myocin served as a p o w4
six months unsurprisingly he has some
strong memories of the events noting
that the will to survive is not
something which is taught it is not tied
to intelligence or smarts survival is
something innate to a person
there are any operational aircraft from
the world war ii era is a great
testament to the work the commemorative
Air Force does and a great honor to that
era in the history of the United States
and the aviation world in general and
flying in diamond Delille is a
spectacular experience you don't just
hear the engine spool up you feel it and
then we were off
sticking your head out of the window
while in flight grabbing on to the
machine gun and trying to keep it steady
while buffeted by the whims or slipping
into the sling at the rear and keeping
an eye out for enemy aircraft which
might be following we're all great
moments recognizing that the plane is
actually more comfortably appointed
today than it was 70 years ago when it
flew in service and that these men often
flew missions of 15 hours at a time in
the cramped loud sparse conditions adds
another level of awe and respect to the
history involved and it is a reminder of
what we can look forward to during the
holiday season other than just the
commercial nature of these days well I
think I think Christmas besides the
commercial presents I'd you thank
thankful of what you receive thankful
who you have in your life in your family
thankful the freedom that we enjoy in
this country and this movie and these
men that fought for our freedom should
cause us to pause reflect everything
thankful indeed
you